+++
title = "Rational combinations of Betti diagrams of complete intersections"
date = 2017-04-11T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Mike Annunziata", "Courtney Gibbons", "Cole Hawkins", "Alex Sutherland"]`.
authors = ["Mike Annunziata", "Courtney Gibbons", "Cole Hawkins", "Alex Sutherland"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Rational combinations of Betti diagrams of complete intersections"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We investigate decompositions of Betti diagrams over a polynomial ring within the framework of Boij-Soederberg theory. That is, given a Betti diagram, we determine if it is possible to decompose it into the Betti diagrams of complete intersections. To do so, we determine the extremal rays of the cone generated by the diagrams of complete intersections and provide a factorial time algorithm for decomposition."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.worldscientific.com/doi/abs/10.1142/S0219498818500792"
url_preprint = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1507.08354"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
